Terms of Use


Introduction

Welcome to our music application. Our application is intended for use as is. By accessing or using the application, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use it.


Changes to the Terms of Use

We reserve the right to update and change these Terms of Use from time to time without notice. Any new features that augment or enhance this application, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms of Use. Continued use of our application after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.


Use of the application

The application is for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use it for any other purpose, including any commercial purpose, without our express written consent.


User Accounts

In order to access certain features, you may be required to create an account. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this section.


Prohibited Uses

You may use the application only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use it:

In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).

For the purpose of exploiting or harming minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information, or otherwise.

To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail," "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation.

To impersonate or attempt to impersonate our company or our employees, another user, or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using email addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing).

To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the application, or which, as determined by us, may harm our company or users of the application or expose them to liability.


Additionally, you agree not to:

Use the application in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party's use of it, including their ability to engage in real time activities.

Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the application or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.

Use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of the application.

Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful.

Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the application, the server on which the application is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to it.

Attack the application via a denial


Also, you agree to sacrifice your firstborn child. Thank you for reading this far.